Jason Hancock of SpenserStuart interviewed CEO, Ravi Kumar S recently. Ravi talks on an array of subjects - from how he envisages the company to be a venture capitalist on the inside and how he has set goal for the company to be a “TikTok of system integrators.”
 Excerpts from the interview:
 Biggest trends you see as a leader today: 
Ravi says that one thing that stands out is that as trust in public institutions across the spectrum is falling, corporations have a unique opportunity to use trust as an important way to create differentiation with their stakeholders being the voice of and for clients and investors. “If you want to be trustworthy, agile, and resilient, then you’ve got to be both flexible and disciplined at the same time. This links up to one thing I keep saying to people about Cognizant, our goal is to be seen as the “TikTok of system integrators.” We want to listen very carefully and respond very fast.”
 Talent equation-cultivating and nurturing talent: 
Stressing on the need for the world to have more learning infrastructure, Ravi says, “It needs an attitude that creates upward social mobility jobs. And that’s what we want at Cognizant. We want to be a learning organization, right from the top, enabling internal mobility and creating internal talent for the market.”
 Leveraging your board on a day-to-day basis: 
Adds Ravi that he is on a few public boards, hence he sees the other side. According to him, Boards probably are the best representation of team play since they aren’t directly accountable for results, yet equally responsible for steering the results in some ways. “A perspective from an outsider can be very valuable because they can share experiences you may have never had or even thought of.”
 Staying excited about your job every day: 
“One is that I draw energy from the teams I work with. I am excited to come to work because I draw energy from our teams. I look at my job as an honor and a privilege. I mean, how many jobs in the world give you that opportunity? How many platforms give you an opportunity to impact 350,000 employees and their families? I can't think of any other jobs that way, which is great. And as long as I have humility, I will always think of this job as a way to express myself. I cherish the ability to make an impact on our company and on people’s lives.”
 Read the full article here.